https://www.wi-fi.org/system/files/WPA3%20Specification%20v3.4.pdf

7 WIFI URI
This section defines the URI representation for Wi-Fi credentials using the "WIFI" URI scheme. The URI can be encoded
in a QR code to provide a convenient means to provisioning the credentials to devices.
7.1 URI format
The URI is defined by [7] and formatted by the WIFI-qr ABNF rule:
WIFI-qr = “WIFI:” [type “;”] [trdisable “;”] ssid “;” [hidden “;”] [id “;”] [password “;”] [publickey “;”] “;”
type = “T:” *(unreserved) ; security type
trdisable = “R:” *(HEXDIG) ; Transition Disable value
ssid = “S:” *(printable / pct-encoded) ; SSID of the network
hidden = “H:true” ; when present, indicates a hidden (stealth) SSID is used
id = “I:” *(printable / pct-encoded) ; UTF-8 encoded password identifier, present if the password
has an SAE password identifier
password = “P:” *(printable / pct-encoded) ; password, present for password-based authentication
public-key = “K:” *PKCHAR ; DER of ASN.1 SubjectPublicKeyInfo in compressed form and encoded in
“base64” as per [6], present when the network supports SAE-PK, else absent
printable = %x20-3a / %x3c-7e ; semi-colon excluded
PKCHAR = ALPHA / DIGIT / %x2b / %x2f / %x3d
In this version of the specification, the URI supports provisioning of credentials for Wi-Fi networks using password-based
authentication, and for unauthenticated (open and Wi-Fi Enhanced Open™) Wi-Fi networks.
If the "type" is present, its value is set to "WPA" and it indicates password-based authentication is used.
If the "type" is absent, it indicates an unauthenticated network (open or Wi-Fi Enhanced Open).
NOTE: This specification does not define usage of the WIFI URI with WEP shared key.
The value of "trdisable", if present, is set to a hexadecimal representation of the Transition Disable bitmap field (defined in
Section 8).
NOTE: "trdisable" allows transition modes to be disabled at initial configuration of a network profile, and therefore provides
protection against downgrade attack on a first connection (e.g., before a Transition Disable indication is received from an
AP).
The values of "ssid", "password", and "id" are, in general, octet strings. Octets that do not correspond to characters in the
printable set defined in this ABNF rule are percent-encoded.
NOTE: The semi-colon is excluded from the printable set as defined in this ABNF rule, and therefore is percent-encoded.
NOTE: When the password is used with WPA2-Personal (including WPA3-Personal transition mode), it comprises only
ASCII-encoded characters. When the password is used with only SAE, it comprises octets with arbitrary values. The SAE
password identifier is a UTF-8 string.
Devices parsing this URI shall ignore semicolon separated components that they do not recognize in the WIFI-qr
instantiation. Ignoring unknown components allows devices to be forward compatible with future extensions to this
specification

7.2 WIFI URI device support
A STA that supports the WIFI URI and is capable of scanning a QR code shall, when a WIFI QR code indicating a
supported mode is scanned and subject to user confirmation (if applicable to the STA's implementation), configure a
network profile with the specified parameters.
If the URI contains Transition Disable indication (trdisable), the STA shall disable algorithms in the configured network
profile in accordance with the rules defined in Section 8 (Transition Disable indication).

If the URI does not contain Transition Disable indication, the STA should by default enable algorithms in the configured
network profile corresponding to the transition modes that are supported by the STA (e.g., WPA3-Personal transition
mode when a password is specified, or Wi-Fi Enhanced Open transition mode when no password is specified).
7.3 URI examples
Some examples of the WIFI URI format are as follows:
1. WIFI:T:WPA;S:MyNet;P:MyPassword;;
▪ STA that supports WPA3-Personal might use SAE or PSK (WPA3-Personal transition mode)
▪ STA that does not support WPA3-Personal uses PSK (WPA2-Personal)
2. WIFI:T:WPA;R:1;S:MyNet;P:MyPassword;;
▪ STA that supports WPA3-Personal and Transition Disable uses SAE only (WPA3-Personal only mode)
▪ STA that supports WPA3-Personal but not Transition Disable might use SAE or PSK (WPA3-Personal
transition mode)
▪ STA that does not support WPA3-Personal uses PSK (WPA2-Personal)
3. WIFI:T:WPA;R:3; S:MyNet;P:a2bc-de3f-ghi4;K:MDkwEwYHKoZIzj0CAQYIKoZIzj0DAQcDIgADURzxmttZoIRIPW
GoQMV00XHWCAQIhXruVWOz0NjlkIA=;;
▪ STA that supports SAE-PK (and, therefore, Transition Disable) uses SAE-PK only (SAE-PK only mode)
▪ STA that supports WPA3-Personal and Transition Disable but not SAE-PK uses SAE without SAE-PK only
(WPA3-Personal only mode)
▪ STA that supports WPA3-Personal but not Transition Disable or SAE-PK might use SAE or PSK (WPA3-
Personal transition mode)
▪ STA that does not support WPA3-Personal uses PSK (WPA2-Personal)
4. WIFI:R:4;S:MyNet;;
▪ STA that supports Wi-Fi Enhanced Open and Transition Disable uses Wi-Fi Enhanced Open only mode
▪ STA that supports Wi-Fi Enhanced Open but not Transition Disable might use Wi-Fi Enhanced Open or
legacy open (Wi-Fi Enhanced Open transition mode)
▪ STA that does not support Wi-Fi Enhanced Open uses legacy open